# rideshare
People who have a good economy owns a vehicle for their day today travelings. And the other people use public transportation like bus, train. Some of them use taxi services for a comfortable ride. Early it was not so easy in taking a taxi. People had to wave for a taxi many times in order to take a taxi for their ride. Sometimes it took a long time. So with the technical evolution people came up with great ideas to ease this work. That is a taxi app to connect the one who willing for a ride and the taxi driver. Today there are many taxi apps like that which made the traveling so comfortable to the people. It is a very efficient product so that people don't have to wait for the taxi because they can see where is the taxi from the map on the app. We can develop this app further by adding components like ride sharing. It is an eco-friendly method and people can enjoy a lower fare through it. So RideShare component can be designed and developed in order to achieve those benefits. It is a web app component and there are some backend operations in the RideShare functionality. So this component can be integrated into existing taxi service applications. There are two kinds of users in this RideShare system. One is who like to share his ride and one who willing for a ride. Both the users have to mention their origin of the ride and the destination and whether he/she wants to share his ride or willing for a ride. Then the system runs the operations and allocates matching people and informs the users about the ones who want to share the ride with them.
